docs: Adds guide for statement metadata (#83)
LearningLocker/docs: src/http-statements.md

Statements can be deleted by the REST API. See [Statement Deletion API](../http-statement-deletion) for more information.

> Optional metadata to be added to a statement via the [Metadata API](../http-metadata). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional metadata can be added to a statement via the [Metadata API](../http-metadata). 
```

> We automatically add metadata in cases such as for [question statements](../guides-assessment-statements) coming from Adapt, which makes reporting on content from this platform much easier than previously possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We automatically add metadata in cases such as for [question statements](../guides-assessment-statements) (typically coming from Adapt), which makes reporting on assessments much easier than previously possible.
```

organisation | Mongo ID | The organisation this statement belongs in _(autogenerated)_
lrs_id | Mongo ID | The store this statement belongs in _(autogenerated)_
client | Mongo ID | The client that inserted this statement _(autogenerated)_
person | [Person](#person) | Information about the person associated to the actor in this statement
voided | Boolean |  Has the statement been voided
hash | String | A unique hash of the statement used for conflict checks on insert _(autogenerated)_
statement | [Statement](#statement) | The statement object as constructed and validated by the xAPI service

> metadata | [Metadata](../http-metadata#schema) | The metadata related to the statement

Reviewer: Nice, thanks for adding this and fixing the typo above. We haven't actually added a section with "Schema" as a header on that metadata page though, so we might want to add that.

Author: Oops, when I added this there was a schema on that page, but I took it out. I'll put it back in 👍
